---
title: "whoami"
date: 2020-01-19T11:59:14+01:00
draft: false
---

My name is Alex or dotKuro. I am a computer science student, developer and TCG
lover from Frankfurt in Germany.

### Computer Science
My computer science related hobbies are not only programming. I'm also really
into mathss, theoretical computer science and the theory behind programming
languages, especially behind functional programming.

I love Linux and I love to customize it to it's limits. I spend a lot of time
tuning my desktop and my server to fit it my needs perfectly. Most of the stuff
I do for this you can find on my [github](https://github.com/dotKuro/). By doing
this I (unfortunately) got quite decent at shell scripting. That's why you will
find a lot of hacky scripts to solve any problem I encounter while customizing.
It is just so much simple this way, even if it might not be that elegent.

I am a convinced supporter of the open source/free software movement. I use
floss software as much as possible and with the help of a
[microG](https://microg.org/) I was even able to banish Google from my phone. I
try to publish most of the code I write my self even if it is quite meaningless.
I think with additude we can learn from each other and write well designed, bug
free and secure code together ❤️. This is why you can find the source code this
website in a [github repository](https://github.com/dotKuro/website/) of mine.

Recently I started spending a lot of the time at the local CCC-Erfa.

### TCG
I have quite the history with card games. I played a lot of them: Pokemon,
Hearthstone, Spellweaver to name a few. This year I got active in the local
Yu-Gi-Oh! scene again. This is the card game i probably spent my most time with.
My favorite deck of all time is Nekroz. This deck is the reason I started
playing again. I am really happy that the deck is decent at the moment.

### This Website
In general I am really passionate about my hobbies. And that is the reason why
this website exists in the first place. I will use this site to post articles or
maybe even videos whenever I want to share something about any of my hobbies.
